All the text files, unless explicitly specified otherwise, shall be Unicode
encoded as UTF-8, using Unix line endings (LF, '\n'). All the dates/times shall
be stored as strings in the ISO8601 format using the UTC timezone, that is
YYYY-MM-DDTHH:mm:ss.ssssss+00:00

/           ... Repository root, by default $HOME/.local/share/td/.
  /.git/    ... The git dir for the td repository.
  /version  ... A text file containing the repository version number
                currently ASCII character '0'.
  /pending  ... A text file listing tasks that are "pending", i.e. not completed
                yet. The list contains full task UUIDs, one per line.
  /ids      ... A text file specifying short IDs for pending tasks, allowing to
                identify them more conveniently. The file is a list of task
                UUIDs, one per line. The task's line number determines its ID
                (starting from 0).
                The difference between this file and the 'pending' file is that
                any action that changes IDs of existing tasks (such as marking a
                task as done or deleting it) should not be reflected in this
                file until the user requests to print a list of ids.
                Thus this list may (temporarily) contain some tasks that are not
                pending (or even do not exist). This allows the user to print a
                list of tasks (with their short IDs) and then issue several
                modification commands in a row.
  /tasks/   ... A directory containing all the tasks (whether completed or not).
    xxxxxxxx-xxxx-4xxx-yxxx-xxxxxxxxxxxx
            ... A file containing the task definition. The file name is a
                random UUID (RFC4122 version 4) generated at task creation,
                that uniquely identifies the task.
                The file shall contain JSON data. The following fields are
                recognized by the current version of td:

                'text'           (string)   --- A description of the task.
                'date_created'   (string)   --- Time when the task was created.
                'date_due'       (string)   --- Time before which the task should be
                                                finished (deadline).
                'date_scheduled' (string)   --- Time on which the user intends to
                                                start working on the task.
                'tags'  (array of string)   --- A list of tags that apply to a
                                                task. Tags are assumed to form a
                                                dot-separated hierarchy, i.e. if a
                                                task has a 'foo.bar' tag, then it
                                                will match as having the 'foo' tag.
                'depends' (array of string) --- A list of UUIDs identifying
                                                tasks that need to be completed
                                                before this task can be worked
                                                on.

                None of the fields are mandatory.

                Fields not described above should not be used and there is no
                guarantee whether the td tool will preserve them over task
                modifications.
